[DO NOT MERGE] Edits to support TFE versioned docs (#80)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/notifications.mdx

A notification configuration specifies a destination URL, a payload type, and the events that should generate a notification. To create a notification configuration:

1.  Click **Settings > Notifications**. The **Notifications** page appears.

2.  Click **Create a Notification**. The **Create a Notification** form appears.

3.  Configure the notifications:

- **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload or a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or Email. Refer to [Notification Payloads](#notification-payloads) for details.
- **Name:** A display name for this notification configuration.

> - **Webhook URL** This is only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks. The webhook URL is the destination for the webhook payload. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests and should be able to use the chosen payload type. For details, refer to the [Slack documentation - Create an Incoming Webhook](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks#create_a_webhook) and the [Microsoft Teams documentation - Create an Incoming Webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Webhook URL** This notification is only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks. The webhook URL is the destination for the webhook payload. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests and should be able to use the chosen payload type. For details, refer to the [Slack documentation - Create an Incoming Webhook](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks#create_a_webhook) and the [Microsoft Teams documentation - Create an Incoming Webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).
```

Suggest changing "This is" to "This notification is" to avoid "This" without a subject

> - **Token** (Optional) This is only available for generic webhooks. A token is an arbitrary secret string that Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. Refer to [Notification Authenticity][inpage-hmac] for details. The token is encrypted for storage, so you cannot view it after saving the notification configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Token** (Optional) This notification is only available for generic webhooks. A token is an arbitrary secret string that Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. Refer to [Notification Authenticity][inpage-hmac] for details. You cannot view the stored and encrypted token is encrypted after saving the notification configuration.
```

Suggest changing "This is" to "This notification is" to avoid "This" without a subject. Also suggest changing "The token is encrypted for storage, so you cannot view it after saving the notification configuration" to "You cannot view the stored and encrypted token is encrypted after saving the notification configuration" to avoid passive voice"

Author: hmm I see the passive voice. you know what? I think I'm going to shorten it to make it even better. THis is a good catch though!

> - **Email Recipients** This is only available for emails. Select users that should receive notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Email Recipients** This notification is only available for emails. Select users that should receive notifications.
```

Suggest changing "This is" to "This notification is" to avoid "This" without a subject.

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:drift-detection -->

- **Workspace Events:** Terraform Cloud can send notifications for all events or only for specific events. The following events are available:
  - **Drift**: Terraform Cloud detected configuration drift. This notification is only available if [drift detection](/enterprise/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) is enabled for the workspace.
  - **Drift Check Fail**: A drift detection assessment failed. This notification is only available if [drift detection](/enterprise/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) is enabled for the workspace.

<!-- END:   TFC:only name:drift-detection -->

- **Run Events:** Terraform Cloud can send notifications for all events or only for specific events. The following events are available:

>   - **Created**: A run is created and enters the [Pending stage](/enterprise/run/states#1-the-pending-stage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Created**: A run begins and enters the [Pending stage](/enterprise/run/states#1-the-pending-stage).
```

Suggest changing "A run is created" to "A run begins" to avoid passive voice and keep tense consistency with "enters".

Author: yeah this is fair - the only reason I hesitate is that I'm not sure if "created" is more appropriate as the backend probably creates a run object. But you know what? that prob doesn't really matter in this context and your edit is better :p thank you!

  - **Planning**: A run acquires the lock and starts to execute.

>   - **Needs Attention**: A plan has changes and Terraform requires user input to continue. This may include approving the plan or a [policy override](/enterprise/run/states#7-the-policy-check-stage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Needs Attention**: A plan has changes and Terraform requires user input to continue. This event may include approving the plan or a [policy override](/enterprise/run/states#7-the-policy-check-stage).
```

Suggest changing "This may" to "This event may" to avoid "This" with no subject.

  - **Applying**: A run enters the [Apply stage](/enterprise/run/states#8-the-apply-stage), where Terraform makes the infrastructure changes described in the plan.

>   - **Completed**: A run has completed successfully.
>   - **Errored**: A run has terminated early due to error or cancellation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Completed**: A run completed successfully.
  - **Errored**: A run terminated early due to error or cancellation.
```

Suggested changing "has completed" and "has terminated" to "completes" and "terminates" to avoid passive voice and to keep present tense consistency with the other items in the list.

   - **Email Recipients** This is only available for emails. Select users that should receive notifications.

       <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:drift-detection -->

    -   **Workspace Events:** Terraform Cloud can send notifications for all events or only for specific events. The following events are available:
        -   **Drift**: Terraform Cloud detected configuration drift. This notification is only available if [drift detection](/enterprise/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) is enabled for the workspace.
        -   **Drift Check Fail**: A drift detection assessment failed. This notification is only available if [drift detection](/enterprise/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) is enabled for the workspace.

     <!-- END:   TFC:only name:drift-detection -->

>     

Reviewer 2: @laurapacilio There's some inconsistent indentation/leading whitespace with these two content-exclusion comments that looks to be causing the build to fail. 

For me, this also causes the local dev preview to return an error page

Author: fixed - thank you!!!
